Adds missing Update Timeline & Timeline template API docs (#3692)
elastic/security-docs: docs/events/api/timeline-template-api-update.asciidoc

[[timeline-template-api-update]]
=== Update Timeline or Timeline template

Updates an existing Timeline or Timeline template.

Use the `timeline` object's <<timeline-object-typeField, `timelineType`>> field
to specify whether you're updating a Timeline or a Timeline template:

> * `"timelineType": "default"` updates an existing Timeline
> * `"timelineType": "template"` updates an existing Timeline template

Reviewer: Adding end periods since grammatically these are complete sentences:
```suggestion
* `"timelineType": "default"` updates an existing Timeline.
* `"timelineType": "template"` updates an existing Timeline template.
```

==== Request URL

`PATCH <kibana host>:<port>/api/timeline`

==== Request body

A JSON object defining the Timeline or Timeline template query and time filter.

NOTE: For detailed information about the Timeline object schema and its
corresponding UI components, see <<timeline-object-schema>>.

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

> |`timeline` |<<timeline-object-schema, timeline>> a|The timeline object, which

Author: @angorayc, assuming that users aren't defining a new `timeline` object here, would it make more sense for this description to say "The `timeline` object of the Timeline that you're updating"?

> |`timeline` |<<timeline-object-schema, timeline>> a|The timeline object, which

Reviewer 2: Yes, that'd be clearer.

> defines the search criteria and time range.

Reviewer: Two words — there's no such word as "timerange" (try typing it and spellcheck catches it)

> When you are updating a Timeline template, provide these fields so you can

Reviewer 3: Since users might choose to only update a Timeline, it might make more sense to use `if` (which is more conditional) over `when` (which is more certain). 

I also suggested a minor edit to the instructional portion to make it real clear that users need to specify field values, not just the fields. Feel free to ignore my edit if it's too nit-picky. It might be safe to assume that API users will know to define the fields in their request.

```suggestion
If you're updating a Timeline template, provide values for these fields so you can
```

Author: Agree with the first point.
Re the second point, I think "fields" is sufficient, as we're also explaining in the following lines what those fields' values should be.

easily <<timeline-api-import, import template>> updates:

> * `templateTimelineId`: Unique identifier (UUID, for Timeline templates only). This must match the `templateTimelineId` of an existing Timeline template that you're updating.

Reviewer 3: What are your thoughts on combining these sentences and making the description more actionable? Maybe something like this: 

```suggestion
* `templateTimelineId`: Use the unique identifier (UUID) of the Timeline template that you're updating. 
```

> * `templateTimelineVersion`: Template version number (for Timeline templates only). This must be a Timeline template version greater than the existing one.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above with some minor adjustments:

```suggestion
* `templateTimelineVersion`: Specify a new version number for the template. It must be greater than the existing version number.
```

|Yes

> |`timelineId` |String |The `savedObjectId` of an existing Timeline that you're updating.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`timelineId` |String |The `savedObjectId` of the Timeline that you're updating.
```

|Yes

> |`version` |String |The version of an existing Timeline that you're updating.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`version` |String |The version of the Timeline that you're updating.
```

      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "event.action"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "host.name"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "source.ip"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "destination.ip"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "user.name"
      }
    ],
    "dataProviders": [],
    "description": "",
    "eventType": "all",
    "filters": [],
    "kqlMode": "filter",
    "kqlQuery": {
      "filterQuery": null
    },
    "title": "abd",
    "dateRange": {
      "start": 1587370079200,
      "end": 1587456479201
    },
    "savedQueryId": null,
    "sort": {
      "columnId": "@timestamp",
      "sortDirection": "desc"
    },
    "created": 1587468588922,
    "createdBy": "casetester",
    "updated": 1587468588922,
    "updatedBy": "casetester",
    "timelineType": "default"
  },
  "timelineId": "4bc294e0-3516-11ee-9f62-49614d8a84fd", <1>
  "version": "WzE5MTUsMV0=" <2>
}
--------------------------------------------------

<1> `timelineId` must match the existing Timeline's `savedObjectId`.

> <2> `version` must match the existing Timeline version.

Reviewer 3: Hm, this explanation is still a little unclear to me. @angorayc would you mind verifying this?
 
```suggestion
<2> `version` must match the version of the Timeline that you're updating.
```

Reviewer 2: For example, you want to update the title of an existing timeline

```
{
  "timeline": {
    ....
    "title": "abd",
    ....
  },
  "timelineId": "4bc294e0-3516-11ee-9f62-49614d8a84fd", <1>
  "version": "WzE5MTUsMV0=" <2>
}
```

In your request, just  leave timelineId and version as it is and update the title to the new value.

        "id": "source.ip"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "destination.ip"
      },
      {
        "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
        "id": "user.name"
      }
    ],
    "dataProviders": [],
    "description": "",
    "eventType": "all",
    "filters": [],
    "kqlMode": "filter",
    "kqlQuery": {
      "filterQuery": null
    },
    "title": "abd",
    "dateRange": {
      "start": 1587370079200,
      "end": 1587456479201
    },
    "savedQueryId": null,
    "sort": {
      "columnId": "@timestamp",
      "sortDirection": "desc"
    },
    "timelineType": "template",
    "created": 1587473119992,
    "createdBy": "casetester",
    "updated": 1587473119992,
    "updatedBy": "casetester",
    "templateTimelineId": "6f9a3480-bf4f-11ea-9fcd-ed4e5fd0dcd1", <1>
    "templateTimelineVersion": 2 <2>
  },
  "timelineId": "7d7d4b60-3516-11ee-9f62-49614d8a84fd", <3>
  "version": "WzE5MTcsMV0=" <4>
}
--------------------------------------------------
<1> `templateTimelineId` must match the existing Timeline template's `templateTimelineId`. 
<2> `templateTimelineVersion` must be a Timeline template version greater than the existing one.

> <3> `timelineId` must match the existing Timeline's `savedObjectId`.

Reviewer 3: @angorayc would you mind verifying this change?

```suggestion
<3> `timelineId` must match the existing Timeline template's `savedObjectId`.
```

> <4> `version` must match the existing Timeline version.

Reviewer 3: @angorayc do users need to ensure the that the _template_ version matches?

```suggestion
<4> `version` must match the existing Timeline template's version.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, this makes sense.

==== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

==== Response payload

A JSON Timeline object with a unique `savedObjectId` and its `version`.

*Example 1*

> Update Timeline response payload:

Reviewer 3: Suggesting some minor tweaks for clarity here - ofc the edits are totally optional.

```suggestion
Response payload of an updated Timeline:
```

          },
          {
            "columnHeaderType": "not-filtered",
            "id": "user.name"
          }
        ],
        "dataProviders": [],
        "dataViewId": null,
        "description": "",
        "eventType": "all",
        "excludedRowRendererIds": [],
        "favorite": [],
        "filters": [],
        "kqlMode": "filter",
        "kqlQuery": {
          "filterQuery": null
        },
        "title": "abd",
        "templateTimelineId": null,
        "templateTimelineVersion": null,
        "dateRange": {
          "start": 1587370079200,
          "end": 1587456479201
        },
        "savedQueryId": null,
        "created": 1587468588922,
        "createdBy": "casetester",
        "updated": 1691408201273,
        "updatedBy": "elastic",
        "timelineType": "default",
        "status": "active",
        "sort": [
          {
            "sortDirection": "desc",
            "columnId": "@timestamp"
          }
        ],
        "eventIdToNoteIds": [],
        "noteIds": [],
        "notes": [],
        "pinnedEventIds": [],
        "pinnedEventsSaveObject": []
      }
    }
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------

*Example 2*

> Update Timeline template response payload:

Reviewer 3: Suggesting some minor tweaks for clarity here - ofc the edits are totally optional.

```suggestion
Response payload of an updated Timeline template:
```
